# Dijkstra
'Dijkstra- Your Learning Graph' is a project created by team Endurance_GT for the AMDOCS GenAI Hackathon Prototype phase.
Theme: Adaptive Learning Systems for Personalized Learning Plans

Team Members: Taha Vhora

Deployment Link : 

How to run file on local system?
1. Download the complete repository on your system.
2. Then, open the folder in terminal.
3. Type 'node server.js' to start the webapp
4. Go to the browser and type "localhost:3000/"

NOTE: THE TOGETHER_AI API KEY IS NOT PROVIDED IN THE .env FILE FOR SECURITY REASONS.
HENCE, FOR TESTING THE SITE IT IS PREFERRED TO GO TO (deployment link for the site)

Technology/ Framework used:
Frontend: 
- HTML, CSS 
- Bootstrap elements such as buttons, accordions and much more
- D3.js for creating tree like hierarchical structures.

Backend:
- Nodejs runtime environment
- Express framework for server side programming
- Together-AI for API calls to access Meta Llama 3.3 70B Instruct Turbo LLM

There is no need for login/signup to use the site.
The landing page has a 'user's guide' button at the top right corner which redirects to the user_manual on how to use the site.

How to use the site:
1. On the home page there is a text input, enter the name of the topic you want to learn/ explore and click on 'GO!'
2. Now, a list of prerequisites appears. Select the prerequisites regarding the topic which are already known to you and click on 'NEXT'. Select atleast one prerequisite for better optimization.
3. The learning path is displayed which consists of subtopics in an ordered manner. Each subtopic has a description and list of resources (books, courses, youtube videos) to be utilised for learning. 
4. When you click on the 'View Concept Tree' it shows the hierarchical tree model for the topic. Click on subtopics to expand the tree. You can save the tree generated by using the 'Print concept tree' button.
5. On any of the webpage you can directly click on the 'DIJKSTRA' logo to go back to home. 
